Hi, guys, and this lesson, I just want to cover alarms again and just give you a bit more practice
with alarms.
So let's head out to alarms.
I'm going to choose, create an alarm, choose to select a metric.
I'm going to choose my custom metric.
And let's select this one here.
Memory usage.
So now we get this option to specify our metric and conditions.
And you can see a line here.
So it's actually showing us the status of that metric at the moment, whatever's being reported.
Now, I'm going to leave the metronome an instant side as it is.
I'm happy with average statistics for period.
I can change it down to one minute and that will make things a bit more granular.
And then if you come down here, we can select the threshold.
So, for example, if I choose four, we're going to see that our threshold is way under the actual
reported data.
And then if I choose seven, it's going to bring that up and you can see that it's now a little bit
higher.
Now we can see that our units have gone up to twelve here.
So let's change this to 14.
So now the bar is slightly higher than our actual memory usage.
So we're going to need to add some more memory usage to our instance in order to trigger this alarm.
So let's choose next.
I'm going to choose to use an S.A.S. topic and I'm going to select the alarm state as an alarm.
So in other words, whatever our threshold has been exceeded, it'll be in an alarm state and then I
can trigger my S.A.S. topic.
Now, you can actually trigger based on an okay state or even insufficient data, which is when there's
just not enough metric information available.
I'm going to choose to create a new topic.
I'm happy with the default name and then I'm just going to pump in my email address here.
And let's come down choose next.
Great topic, then we choose next.
And let's call the alarm cloud, watch memory and then it's just given us a final review and it's choose
create alarm.
So we've got that alarm.
And at the moment, you can see it's in the state of insufficient data and we have a pending confirmation
here as well.
So that's because some subscriptions are pending confirmation.
So I need to go to S.A.S. and we can see that this is in a pending state.
So I could confirm this through my email or I can just choose confirm subscription and it needs the
subscription confirmation URL.
So I'm just going to head over and get that from my email and I'm going to post that in and confirm
subscription.
So that's all done.
And now we can see that it's being confirmed.
So what I want to do now is make sure that I can trigger that alarm state.
So I'm going to come back and I'm going to stop that command from running and I'm going to go down and
I'm going to change the number of VMS here.
So let's just change that to twenty five and see what that does.
That's going to create twenty five instances.
So it's going to create a quite a lot more load than we had last time.
And again, we're going to need to leave this for a few minutes now so we can go back to cloud watch.
We can say our alarm is in an OK state now.
So it's gathered some data and it's OK.
And if we go down some metrics and we our metric chosen, let's just watch and see what happens to this
over the next few minutes.
So, again, you're going to need to just watch this for a few minutes and see what happens.
And then hopefully soon we should have an alarm state that gets triggered.
Hi, guys.
I actually left mine for quite a while, so I left it for a while and I came back and realized that
it hadn't actually generated enough memory.
It was just beneath the right amount of memory.
So I actually stopped the process and then I went and actually started 50 of these VMS.
Now, I'm not sure if that's the best way to use, and that's all I've put fifty in.
And that's certainly done what I wanted it to.
And it's generated the load that's gone right up to twenty point four here and that's triggered our
alarm.
So we can see that we have an alarm in the alarm state here.
And if we click on that one, we can see that we've got cloud watch memory in alarm.
And it says the memory usage is greater than fourteen for one data points within one minute.
So that's exactly what I wanted and that's all we're going to do in this lab.
So what we can do now is head back over to our EC2 instance and I'm just going to terminate this instance.
And if you want to clean things up, you can go in as well and delete your subscription here, delete
your topic.
And then on the cloud watch, we've got this alarm, so let's just go and delete our alarm.
So I hope that worked well for you guys.
And in the next lesson, we're going to look at cloud watch logs.